Add Settings page (#73)
harvester/docs: docs/settings/settings.md

- `noProxy`: A comma-separated list of hostnames and/or CIDRs for which the proxy should not be used.

#### Example

```json
{
  "httpProxy": "http://my.proxy",
  "httpsProxy": "https://my.proxy",
  "noProxy": "some.internal.svc"
}
```

## `log-level`

Configure Harvester server log level. Default to `info`. Valid values from the least to most verbose are:

- `panic`
- `fatal`
- `error`
- `warn`, `warning`
- `info`
- `debug`
- `trace`

## `overcommit-config`

Configure resource overcommit percentage on CPU, memory, and storage. This
allows you to schedules more virtual machines over the physical resources
constraints.  Default to `{"cpu":1600,"memory":150,"storage":200}`.

The default CPU overcommit with 1600% means, for example, if the CPU resources
limit of a virtual machine is `1600m` core, Harvester would only request `100m`
CPU for it from Kubernetes scheduler.

#### Example

```json
{
  "cpu": 1000,
  "memory": 200,
  "storage": 300
}
```

## `server-url`

Default: depends on the version of Harvester

## `server-version`

Default: depends on the version of Harvester

## `ui-index`

HTML index location for the UI.

> Default: `https://releases.rancher.com/harvester-ui/dashboard/latest/index.html`

Author: The link is not meant to open by browser directly. Harvester takes care off it.

## `ui-source`

Configure how to load the UI source. Valid values are:

- `auto`: The default. Auto-detect whether to use bundled UI or not.
- `external`: Use external UI source.
- `bundled`: Use the bundled UI source.

## `upgrade-checker-enabled`

Specify whether to enable Harvester upgrade check or not. Default is `true`.

## `upgrade-checker-url`

Default Harvester upgrade check url. Only used when the upgrade-checker-enabled is equal to true.

Default: `https://harvester-upgrade-responder.rancher.io/v1/checkupgrade`

## `vlan`

> Default physical NIC name of the VLAN network.

Author: We can set the VLAN value for sure. I'll add an example

- Comma-separated list of hostnames and/or CIDRs: `"noProxy": "<hostname | CIDR>"`

#### Example

```json
{
  "httpProxy": "http://my.proxy",
  "httpsProxy": "https://my.proxy",
  "noProxy": "some.internal.svc"
}
```

## `log-level`

This setting allows you to configure the log level for the Harvester server. 

Default: `info`

The following values can be set. The list goes from the least to most verbose log level:

- `panic`
- `fatal`
- `error`
- `warn`, `warning`
- `info`
- `debug`
- `trace`

#### Example

```
debug
```

## `overcommit-config`

This setting allows you to configure the percentage for resources overcommit on CPU, memory, and storage. By setting resources overcommit, this will permit to schedule additional virtual machines even if the the physical resources are already fully utilized.

Default: `{ "cpu":1600, "memory":150, "storage":200 }`

The default CPU overcommit with 1600% means, for example, if the CPU resources
limit of a virtual machine is `1600m` core, Harvester would only request `100m`
CPU for it from Kubernetes scheduler.

#### Example

```json
{
  "cpu": 1000,
  "memory": 200,
  "storage": 300
}
```

## `server-url`

> This setting displays the URL of Harvester server. If you've configured virtual IP (VIP) correctly, the value should be the same as VIP.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This setting displays the Harvester server URL, used for the Harvester management endpoint and GUI URL. If a [virtual IP (VIP)][harvester-vip] has been set, then the value displayed will be the VIP address instead of the host IP.

[havester-vip]: https://docs.harvesterhci.io/v0.3/install/harvester-configuration/#installvip
```

Author: Updated. Also changed absolute links to relative. Thanks
